Music description from https://opengameart.org/users/cynicmusic pages

007_Synthwave_421k.mp3 :
This is the favorite of my uploads this month here. This is the song "Synthwave 421k"- written by The Cynic Project for the game Pixelsphere. Please use it your game as well (or any other creative project). The song features relaxing pads in a chord progression. It sounds like that one romantic song they use in all the movies, maybe debussy or somebody. I forget. haha. Minus the melody but you could play it on top. Please let me know if you remember what the song is called :)

006_lifeWave2k.mp3 :
Another calming relax work from Pixelsphere, This is the song "Lifewave 2k"- written by The Cynic Project for the game Pixelsphere. Please use it your game as well (or any other creative project). The song features relaxing pads and an uplifting piano melody.

003_Vaporware.mp3 :
This is the song "Vaporware"- written by The Cynic Project for the game Pixelsphere. Please use it your game as well (or any other creative project). The song features relaxing pads and an uplifting piano melody.

002_Synthwave_15k.mp3 :
Synthwave 15k - written by The Cynic Project for the game Pixelsphere. Please use it your game as well (or for any project) Relaxing Ambient pads and some annoying plucky sound that I wish wasn't there. Hope you enjoy!

001_Synthwave_4k.mp3 :
Synthwave 4k - written by The Cynic Project for the game Pixelsphere. Please use it your game as well! Let calm relaxing pads and a soothing chords take you on a journey!

battleThemeB.mp3 :
Also check out my Battle Theme A, which is quite a bit better production than this one, but this one is fun too and has a nice harpsichord progression in the middle, lol.

2010_June_HypnoticChill_17.mp3 :
Long 4 minute drum and bass chill tune. Would be great for menu music or whatever. Use it however you please.

Sinister Boss Appears.wav :
I imagine that if Voldemort wrote music it would probably sound like this :) Super evil boss introduction theme!!!

AugustUltraAmbience.wav :
Super fast cinematic drum and bass track, could use this for racing game etc...great vocal swells ambience as well.

AlexBouncyMaster.wav
Ridicuously infectious theme for you here. LOL. Nothing to do with the original Hamster Dance it just reminded me of that for being a catchy tune.

2012_november_fakeAwake04 back to A minor.wav :
This could be used as a racing game theme. The action dies off just as it gets started, lol!!! Great 303 action tho...

TylerSong3_Normal.wav :
Perfect looping underwater ambience. Has a sample accurate loop point in the .wav file.

ChoirChordsBassMaster.wav :
Dramatic female vocals theme with horns and deep bass. Please enjoy!

Heavy Concept A Bass Master.wav :
Use this for introducing a boss or other dramatic cut scene! The drums and violin are mixed a little raw so add some reverb or put it in the background for best use.

Heavy_ConceptB.wav :
A several bar victory fanfare for RPG, boss win, etc...

Victory1.mp3 :
A decent victory theme. The ending is a little awkward but this might be useful for your game.

the charm 68.wav :
The Charm - This is a song written by The Cynic Project for the game Pixelsphere. Please use it your game as well! This is an older version of the song, not quite as polished but has some exciting elements. Also my girlfriend Julie recorded the vocals :) Very nice!

the hex 09.wav :
This is a uplifting grovvy trancy song written by Steven Ruud and The Cynic Project for the game Pixelsphere. Please use it your game as well! The mix/version name is Hex 09.

GameMusic_ForestTheme_24.mp3 :
Dark brooding accoustic guitar and strings will set a spooky mood for your game! Great for an RPG or dungeon level.

155 November_snow-33_tape_leveled.mp3 :
November Snow - Ambient/downtempo music for your game, ethereal, calm and relaxing. I ran this to tape recorder for a lo-fi effect, see my site if you want the full version :) This is great music for relaxing and thinking. No time limit!!

013_Another_August.mp3 :
Another August - Serene Ambient music for your game, ethereal, calm and relaxing. Professional quality! This is great music for relaxing and thinking. No time limit!! 

012_Sirens_in_Darkness.mp3 :
Sirens in Darkness - Ambient mysterious and mood music for your game, ethereal and pensive. You are sure to love this ambient theme with warm pads and piano!!!! 

019_seven_and_eight_7-8_combined.mp3
Icy Realm - (Seven and Eight) - Ambient uplifting snow-themed music in your game, ethereal and icy. you can loop it as well.

025_A_New_Town.mp3 :
A New Town - Classic Harp solo Theme for discovering a new town in your game, ethereal, minimal and regal.

hella bumps.mp3 :
Hella Bumps - Fun and upbeat dance/house music for addictive intro, menu or end game credits.

enchanted tiki 86.mp3 :
Dark moody and hypnotic theme from my game Pixelsphere. 

awake10_megaWall.mp3 :
A breakbeats/trance song very upbeat that could be used for battle music or an intense sequence. I made this for my site http://cynicmusic.com but never used it. It also loops perfectly.

battleThemeA.mp3 :
Epic battle theme for RPG. Some pretty epic strings and horns here will add a lot of excitement to your game or projects!

TownTheme.mp3 :
Town theme for an RPG. Typical harps and recorders fare perfect for your RPG.

song17.mp3 :
Beautiful bells and arpeggios. Suitable for rpg, exploration or puzzle game. Easy for perfect loop. I have precompressed this to be optimal for web distribution with VBR, I assure you the quality is 100% and better than 128kbps even if it looks like the sample rate is 32kHz and bitrate are lower.

song18.mp3 :
Deep Bass! Stone and bell textures and arpeggios. Suitable for cave level or puzzle game. Easy for perfect loop. I have precompressed this to be optimal for web distribution with VBR, I assure you the quality is 100% and better than 128kbps even if it looks like the sample rate and bitrate are lower.

--------------------------------------------------------

From "pixelsphere_pack1.txt" file in the archive (downloaded from https://www.relaxmoods.com/free/)

A new town 2x.mp3 : 
this song is from opengameart where i released it several years ago. for this version I added a subtle extra string track and then looped it

citrus_ultramix.mp3 :
a combination of 5 original pixelsphere songs with additional strings/pads recorded on top. slightly remastered but no additional reverb was added.

